>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
a routing table is fairly straightforward.
It consists of, in its most basic form,
a path and a component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
from here we could do something like.
Let's go with LoginComponent initially
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
because this is going to be our
default route, we're going to.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Well, we'll leave this
here for now, but we'll also do path.
And we're gonna put **.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And what this is, this
is a route card, so if you go to a route
that doesn't exist, then it's simply going
to redirect to wherever you would like.
In this case,
we're going to go back to the root.
And then from here, pathMatch full.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This is a string.
Here we go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
just make sure that this built okay.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
it's looking for LoginComponent.
So we'll just hop in here and
just check this real quick.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Ui login and
we'll go to our lib.
Our login module you could see here that.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Our referencing
component that does not exist just yet.
So I presume that I had
done that previously.
So if we're going to generate
a component in a library, then go ng,
we just make a space here, ng g c, and
we'll go with login for LoginComponent.
And then we'll go, project=ui-login.
Now, because there's a bit of
uncertainty about where this
actually exist and
if this is going to work, let's go here.
Do -d, and you can see that ui-login,
lib, login, login_component.
Everything that I was hoping
would happen was there, so.
And g g, g for generate,
c for component login.
And because I wannna put
in the ui-login lib,
then I'm doing --project,
and that equals ui login.
So I'm going to go ahead ahead and take
off the dry run tag and it should be here.
Let's just double check.
Login > LoginModule.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now,
it said this updated.
Don't save.
So apparently it's keeping the cache.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Back into our module,
that's exactly what I expected.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right?
And let's export this as well.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: LoginComponent.
So we're just start to revisit
what we had seen earlier
in our login lib in our module we've
just generated the LoginComponent.
And we're adding it to our module.
Now, one thing we need to do within
our variable, let's go ahead and
export first and
foremost our UiLoginModule.
And so,
this is in the root of this project.
Under src, there's this index.ts,
which is a barrel roll.
So I did have a question like,
what is a barrel roll?
What this allows us to do is essentially
from a single file, export everything,
so what we were doing
with our material module.
So we'll take the LoginComponent.
Generally what I'll do is I'll
actually import it like this, and
then I'll just turn around and
change that to export.
All right.
So now this will exist and
should be available
up in our AppRoutingModule.
Let me make sure that also I have
the module in our main AppModule.
So this is one of these things when
you start to break things out,
you have to make sure that they
come back together properly.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go.
All right, so now.
Working from the bottom up,
so now I'm at the top.
I imported the UiLoginModule
into AppModule,
which then now,
if I go to the AppRoutingModule,
that this should be available here for
us to navigate towards.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
let's go back here and see where we are.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We just rebuild
this again, cuz I beg to differ.
I think this does have an exported number.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now,
if I refresh this,
we can see here that login works.
So how is this getting in the page?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Very good question.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now,
remember previously we had added in
the projects.component via the selector.
So if we go into our app.component.html,
you notice down here, we have app-projects
that's sitting right on
top of this router-outlet.
Well, once we delete this,
the app-projects is
no longer being hardcoded
into our template,
or we're manually placing it there.
Instead when a route is matched up,
it will go and say, does this path exist?
In this case its route.
If so, take this component and
put it into your router-outlet.
And so now you can see that.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Here we go,
login works.